README.md, before:

# Project 7.A - SeizureGuard

- **Course**: Lab on App Development for Tablets and Smartphones (EPFL)
- **Authors**: Francesco Poluzzi, François Dumoncel


## Testing the Application

This Android application aims to perform live AI-based epileptic seizure detection.

> **Note**
> If you want use the app without giving personal informations, you can use our demo account. Just log in with the following credentials:
> - email: demo@epfl.ch
> - password: epfl


### Steps for Using the App
1. Install the SeizureGuard app, accept all permissions, and create a profile. 
2. Install the "EEG app Android" app on another Android device or the "EEG app Nordic Board" app on a Nordic nRF5340-DK board to simulate the EEG sensor. If not possible, navigate to settings, set debug mode to true, and restart the app. This will read artificial EEG data from memory instead of taking it from a BLE sensor. 
3. In the app, navigate to "Monitor" and press "Look for Devices". When the device is connected, the button turns green, and inference can be started. Since inference runs in a foreground service, you can close the app, and the inference will continue working. 
4. To perform training, press "Train Model" when the number of samples collected reaches 100. Accuracy and F1 score values will update automatically. 
5. When a seizure is detected, a high-importance notification will be triggered. Click on it to open a page with shortcuts for emergency calls, some guidelines, and the possibility to save the seizure event.
6. On the "Profile" page, you can modify the profile fields. 
7. On the History page, you can see past seizures and some stats.
8. On another device logged into the same profile, you can set Parent Mode from settings to receive notifications of seizure events. Click on these notifications to open the location where the seizure happened.

Commit message:

Add explanation on how to get API keys in README

README.md, after:

# Project 7.A - SeizureGuard

- **Course**: Lab on App Development for Tablets and Smartphones (EPFL)
- **Authors**: Francesco Poluzzi, François Dumoncel


## Testing the Application

This Android application aims to perform live AI-based epileptic seizure detection.

> **Note**
> If you want use the app without giving personal informations, you can use our demo account. Just log in with the following credentials:
> - email: demo@epfl.ch
> - password: epfl


### Steps for Using the App
1. Install the SeizureGuard app, accept all permissions, and create a profile.
2. Install the "EEG app Android" app on another Android device or the "EEG app Nordic Board" app on a Nordic nRF5340-DK board to simulate the EEG sensor. If not possible, navigate to settings, set debug mode to true, and restart the app. This will read artificial EEG data from memory instead of taking it from a BLE sensor.
3. In the app, navigate to "Monitor" and press "Look for Devices". When the device is connected, the button turns green, and inference can be started. Since inference runs in a foreground service, you can close the app, and the inference will continue working.
4. To perform training, press "Train Model" when the number of samples collected reaches 100. Accuracy and F1 score values will update automatically.
5. When a seizure is detected, a high-importance notification will be triggered. Click on it to open a page with shortcuts for emergency calls, some guidelines, and the possibility to save the seizure event.
6. On the "Profile" page, you can modify the profile fields.
7. On the History page, you can see past seizures and some stats.
8. On another device logged into the same profile, you can set Parent Mode from settings to receive notifications of seizure events. Click on these notifications to open the location where the seizure happened.

## Setting Up API Keys

This project requires API keys stored in `local.properties`, which is **not included in the repository** for security reasons. Follow these steps to configure your environment correctly:

### Steps to Add API Keys
1. **Create the `local.properties` file** in the `APP` folder.
2. Add the required API keys in the following format:
   ```properties
   GOOGLE_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY=-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----your_google_wallet_private_key_here-----END PRIVATE KEY-----
   MAPS_API_KEY=your_google_maps_api_key_here
   ```
3. Save the file and **do not commit it to Git** (it is already ignored in `.gitignore`).
4. Rebuild the project in Android Studio to apply the changes.

### How to Obtain API Keys
- **Google Wallet API Key**: Follow the official guide from Google [here](https://developers.google.com/wallet)
- **Google Maps API Key**: Obtain it from the Google Cloud Console by following [this guide](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started)

Ensure you have enabled the required services in your **Google Cloud Console** before using the API keys in the app.
